# Framework for the Interoperability of Cloud Platforms

Microsoft IIS can be installed on Nano Server, which is a lightweight version of Windows Server designed for cloud and data center environments. Harvester is a modern, open, interoperable, hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) solution built on Kubernetes. Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open source system for managing containerized applications across multiple hosts. It provides basic mechanisms for the deployment, maintenance, and scaling of applications. PeachPie is an open-source PHP compiler designed to run PHP code on the .NET and .NET Core platforms. IronPython is an open-source implementation of Python that integrates with .NET and can use .NET and Python libraries. Node API for .NET is an advanced interoperability between .NET and JavaScript in the same process. Haxe is an open-source, high-level programming language and toolkit designed for cross-platform development, allowing developers to write code once and compile it to various target platforms. Orleans is a cross-platform framework for building robust, scalable distributed applications. Babelfish for PostgreSQL provides the capability for PostgreSQL to work with applications written for Microsoft SQL Server. Supabase gives you a dedicated Postgres database to build your web, mobile and AI applications. IKVM is an implementation of Java for the Microsoft .NET platform. Espresso is an implementation of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that runs on the Truffle framework as part of GraalVM. Quarkus is a Cloud Native, Container First framework. Rascal meta-programming language. OpenWhisk is a serverless functions platform for building cloud applications. OpenWhisk offers a rich programming model for creating serverless APIs from functions, composing functions into serverless workflows, and connecting events to functions using rules and triggers. MinIO is a high-performance, S3 compatible object store. Neon is an open-source serverless Postgres database platform.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.